SDXL demo: consistent opt shape and seed (#18445)
microsoft/onnxruntime: onnxruntime/python/tools/transformers/models/stable_diffusion/README.md

If you do not provide prompt, the script will generate different image sizes for a list of prompts for demonstration.

> ## Optimize Stable Diffusion ONNX models for Huggingface Diffusers or Optimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Optimize Stable Diffusion ONNX models for Hugging Face Diffusers or Optimum
```
